Add note about submitting changes (#1)
dslc-io/ghdemos: README.md

# ghdemos
A place to test and demonstrate things.

## Submitting a change.

> You should never submit a PR to this repo.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should submit a PR to this repo if you have something to demonstrate for DSLC.
```
